Added new kb article hide-no-result-message-autocomplete-net-maui (#793)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/hide-no-result-message-autocomplete-net-maui.md

---

> title: How to Hide the No Result Message in AutoComplete for .NET MAUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to Hide the No Result Message in the AutoComplete for .NET MAUI
```

> description: Learn how to hide the No result message popup in the AutoComplete control for .NET MAUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to hide the "No result" message popup in the AutoComplete control for .NET MAUI
```

type: how-to

> page_title: How to Hide the NoResultMessage in AutoComplete for .NET MAUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: How to Hide the No Result Message in the AutoComplete for .NET MAUI
```

slug: hide-no-result-message-autocomplete-net-maui
tags: autocomplete, .net maui, hide, no result message
res_type: kb
---
# Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 6.7.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova)| 

## Description

> I want to hide the No result message window in the AutoComplete control for .NET MAUI when the entered email has not been saved in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to hide the **No result** message window in the AutoComplete control for .NET MAUI when the entered email has not been saved in the system.
```

## Solution

> To hide the No result message window in the AutoComplete control for .NET MAUI when the entered email has not been saved in the system, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide the **No results** message when there is nothing to show:
```

**1.** Set the `NoResultsMessage` property to an empty string.

```xml
<telerik:RadAutoComplete x:Name="autoComplete" NoResultsMessage=" " ... />
```

> The message won't be displayed but the suggestion view will be visible. If you want to hide the SuggestionView

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message won't be displayed but the Suggestion View will be visible. If you want to hide the Suggestion View:
```
